Yes, I like this new approach. A few points of clarification:
1) Use K-means
2) I want to use geocoding to convert the addresses to coordinates. I think there should be low/0 cost options to do this.
3) The csv can just be a list of "<Address>","<Address>",...
4) For now I will accept unusual clusters, but I will probably want to limit the max size to like ~8. There is some amount of geographic wiggle room, it does not have to be 100% geographically optimal.
5) Depot is now unnecessary, just go back to the user inputting a teams # and addresses.csv at runtime
6)







Here are my thoughts on the 20 issues:
1) Would it be easier to go based on address or coordinates? The csv format can be changed to whatever works best, please tell me.
2) The travel time is an important criteria for finding the optimal solution. Im not familiar with how the google api works, but does it find the fastest route between point A and B? Can this can just be done for each address? Is there a better option?
3) HAve the user input a starting location along with the volunteer number. better yet, have the user input a file like user_info.csv that contains the starting location and volunteer number
4) Handle this issue in whatever you think the best way would be while adhering to the project goals
5) Would there be a better way to format the csv? should the user input the coordinates instead?
6) I want to optimize duration, ignore distance and only care about duration
7) Handle this issue in whatever you think the best way would be while adhering to the project goals
8) No rate limiting needed, this will not be deployed publicly and only used privately
9) Handle this issue in whatever you think the best way would be while adhering to the project goas
10) Handle this issue in whatever you think the best way would be while adhering to the project goals
11) Handle this issue in whatever you think the best way would be while adhering to the project goals
12) Handle this issue in whatever you think the best way would be while adhering to the project goals
13) Handle this issue in whatever you think the best way would be while adhering to the project goals
14) Handle this issue in whatever you think the best way would be while adhering to the project goals
15) Handle this issue in whatever you think the best way would be while adhering to the project goals
16) Handle this issue in whatever you think the best way would be while adhering to the project goals
17) Handle this issue in whatever you think the best way would be while adhering to the project goals
18) This is a bigger issue to consider. Ideally I want to have this be of minimal cost, so i want to try to do actions that use as little api credits as possible. if that means changing to a different strategy, so be it.
19) Handle this issue in whatever you think the best way would be while adhering to the project goals
20) Handle this issue in whatever you think the best way would be while adhering to the project goals